New serverless pattern - sfn-sns-cdk (#1660)
aws-samples/serverless-patterns: sfn-sns-cdk/README.md

# AWS Step Functions to Amazon SNS

The Step Functions state machine can be started using the AWS CLI or from another service (e.g. API Gateway) to run the workflow and return the result.

> This CDK code deploys a Step Functions workflow that converts milliseconds to second, wait for the time passed to it and  then finally send message to Amazon SNS with a message containing the time it waited and returns the response. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This CDK code deploys a Step Functions workflow that converts milliseconds to second, wait for the time passed to it and then finally sends a message to Amazon SNS. 
```
